the album
some world premieres that are here
in the geneva hall are already with
passport stamped to reach the
Brazilian market between this year and the
next
check out who they are
a mixture of sedan wagon gave rise to
grand touring version of bmw 3 series one
range of engines ranging from 145 to
310 horsepower model can come equipped with
six-speed manual transmission or
automatic of 8
Audi's family of utilities wins
its first sports variation o rs that
3 has a 2 liter engine and means
turn that reaches 310 horsepower
the suv arrived in Brazil at the beginning of the year
that comes
for the most hurried moms audi
has launched the world's fastest appeal
the rs6 avant can exceed 300
kilometers per hour and in this third
a system that controls the
cylinders can be used 48 depending on
of necessity and thus still
saves fuel
the first sports hatch of the
mercedes-benz for bmw m 135 o
audi rs3 will be the spicy version of fla
if the call of 45 mg will have a motor of
four turbo cylinders with 13 inside
60 horsepower model of
wheel drive reaches 250
kilometers per hour of speed kills
after being revealed as concept in the hall
from paris last year and joe 2008
geneva appears in its version of
production from next year this
car here will be one of the main
ford eco sport and kingdom rivals
dancer and will be manufactured in porto real
Rio de Janeiro
Let's take a look to see how he
it's inside